So this is kind of like your professional handshake. Really? Um, you know,
this is your first impression, and research shows us that first
impressions are hard to shake. So you want Thio? Be sure that you are
presenting yourself in the best possible light. So this is, you know,
you're gonna dress nicely. You're going to look polished and professional.
Um, this is the time where, you know, you're maybe going
to be a little bit more conservative in in how you present yourself.
Um, I think that you want Thio demonstrate that your personal, um,
that you can, you know, think on your feet that you're quick witted.
Um, and you know that you have some basic social graces practice having
a good handshake. That's really important. Um, it's kind of surprising
sometimes how often students don't pay attention to that. And
it actually does make up impression on people. If you don't have
a good handshake. Eso so practice that, um, you wanna practice interviewing
again? The Career center is an excellent resource for this.
Uh, they could do videotape interviews. They could do mock interviews,
and they can You can play it back and critique and they could be
like, See, when you did that, that was really good. And, you know, see,
when you did that, don't do that s o. I would definitely, um, use
that as a resource in prepping for an interview. Um, particularly
so right now is this is being filmed. We're in the middle of the cove
in 19 pandemic eso. A lot of things are happening virtually right
now, Andi, that includes things like job interviews. And that's a different
context than a lot of people are used. Thio and so prepping
for virtual job interview, uh, may look a little different than prepping
for a regular face to face interview. And so these air also things
to keep in mind of the context of the interview that you'll be having.
And again, the Career Center could be really helpful with this.